well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
ruth bader ginsburg has died
so where do we go from here what's next
undoubtedly the president of the united
states will attempt to push through
a supreme court nominee this close to
the election
it's going to be very important to him
because he believes that nominee will be
beholden to him
come election time and if any decisions
have to be made
in regards to the election he will
assume that person
will decide in his favor because that's
how
president quid pro quo works
i on the other hand
believe uh what senator mcconnell
said he believed on
february 13 2016 the american people
should have a voice
in the selection of their next supreme
court justice and i believe what he said
on march
2nd 2016 when he said
uh once the political season is underway
action on a supreme court nomination
must be put off
until after the election campaign is
over
so if you don't know mcconnell will be
the person
really kind of responsible for pushing
through any nominee
you know continuing to be the
president's little uh
secretary if he does that
it's very clear that mcconnell is not a
man of his word that what he says means
nothing
because he's on the record multiple
times saying that this isn't the right
thing to do
while the president may want to push
through
a nominee right now i'm not sure those
in the senate are going to want to
because the reality of it is there's a
lot of
pretty closely contested races
and the attempt to do something this
against tradition might backfire on them
it might show that senators now have
their loyalty
fully vested in president trump
a man consistently failing in the polls
this would be especially true of those
that are really at risk
like in arizona maine and north carolina
goes for the other ones as well there's
also the fact
that on the president's list of
potential supreme court nominees
well there's one name where the person
actually advocated for american soldiers
to gun down american citizens on
american soil
even if they were unarmed and trying to
surrender
that's a potential supreme court nominee
if i was a republican senator i don't
know
that i would want that broadcast i don't
know that i would want those people who
would
be deciding whether or not to re-elect
me
to hear that right before they vote that
might have a negative outcome
might cause people to uh i don't know
vote against me
not something i'd want to do i'm not
sure that this close to the election
tying yourselves to such a failure of a
president is a good idea if you're a
republican
however the republicans have really just
done
whatever trump's wanted the last few
years
they've shown no spine no backbone no
direction of their own
they've just followed the president
as he's allowed a couple hundred
thousand americans to disappear
as he waited three years to provide
hurricane relief
as he failed in every regard with every
duty that he was trusted
i'm not sure that i would want to be uh
responsible for backing
another lifetime appointment selected by
him
i don't think it will play out the way
you might picture at the polls
now the reality is the democrats don't
have to get that many people to stop
this
there have already been indications i
think one in alaska
a republican has said they're not going
to move
to support a nomination prior to the
election
because that's the ethical thing to do
they don't need many just a few a
handful
and it stops it now
the real question is which republicans
are smart
which republicans are going to be in
that race
to be the first ones to say they're not
going to do it to be the first ones to
say no
this isn't right we're going to let the
american people decide
the vacancy can sit for a couple of
months until after the election
because man that's a moral stance
and with all of the behavior the
republican party has been associated
with lately
taking a moral stance right before the
election that might be a good move
and if trump wins hey you make the
appointment then
and if he doesn't win
well you didn't betray the nation
there's a lot of little
obstructionist tactics that democrats
can use
democrats in the senate can use i
suggest they use them all to be honest
but i'm hoping that republicans are
smart enough to understand that they
really shouldn't make them necessary
because if they become necessary it
becomes a political spectacle
and it shows how closely each senate
candidate is
to trump how tied they are to those
policies
the ones the american people are
consistently rejecting at the polls
in short if you're a republican senator
and you want to keep your seat
i would suggest you drag your feet on
this no matter how much that crybaby in
the oval office
whines about it because otherwise i
don't think you have a chance
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night